(upbeat music)
- Hello and welcome to another episode.
No such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast,
this week coming to you live from Aberdeen.
My name is Dan Schreiber.
I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter, Murray Anna Tyshensky
and James Harkin.
And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
And in a particular order, here we go.
Starting with fact number one, and that is Andy.
- My fact is that in America,
you can watch televised Microsoft Excel competitions.
(audience laughs)
- You can do a lot of things in America.
- Yeah. - Doesn't mean you should.
- It's the newfound land, I'm so excited.
(laughs)
This is a thing called Microsoft Excel eSports,
and it's been on, I think it's been on a couple of years.
It was definitely on this year, it was on ESPN,
which is a sports TV network.
And it's called the Excel All Star Battle.
And it was organized by a group called
the Financial Modeling World Cup.
And there is a slight caveat here.
It was organized as part of something called the Occhi,
which was a 24 hour celebration
of the stupidest imaginable sports.
However, that included corgi racing,
stone skipping, a number of other dumb stuff.
But it did happen, it was a televised thing.
There were commentators who were Excel pros.
The aim of the game, basically they had a problem
setting up this as a sporting competition,
because as some of you will have noticed,
Microsoft Excel, not a game.
It's fun, but it's not a game.
And so they had to invent ways of competing at Excel.
So one of the challenges was to create
a yacht regatta game on Excel,
which included a wind speed simulation
and directional vectors and things like that.
Yeah, yeah.
- I think another one of the contests,
they call Excel golf even more tedious than it already is.
(laughing)
But I think that that's all about getting to your answer
in the shortest possible amount of time.
And that's kind of what golf is about, right?
Make the game go by as quickly as possible
by doing it in the fewest shots so you can get to the bar.
- Oh, okay, right.
See, I think it sounds, I'm with Andy.
I think it sounds really exciting.
I was reading about the commentators.
So they have commentators who watch
as the Excel spreadsheets are being made.
- About Bill Jelen?
- Bill Jelen, AKA Mr. Excel.
And he, he's just like, he's,
so like some of the transcript is sort of them going,
"Oh my God, look what they're doing.
"Oh my God, they're going for it."
And then there was this one that goes,
"Oh no, the F1 key, the dreaded F1 key."
(laughing)
And basically the F1 key brings up some help for,
"Do you need help on your Excel?"
And it's a key, I think you told us before,
it's a key that's hated by Excel spreadsheet people.
They actually take it out of the keyboard.
It's so hated amongst members.
- I thought they didn't hate it.
It was the, it helps you do a load of the functions.
But actually, if you're really good at knowing
all the shortcuts, you don't need it.
So they take it off the keyboard as a kind of pride.
It's like, I don't know what a good example would be,
taking the head off your golf club to show.
(laughing)
I'm so good at golf.
- You're so good.
- I can do it just with the stick bit.
- Do you think anyone ever says,
when they're asked, "What sports do you like to watch?"
They just say F1 and leave it at that.
(laughing)
They're not pros any further.
- I was reading about a famous Excel sportsman,
called Dermot Early, he's Irish.
And there was an interview with him.
And basically he got into competitive excelling
because he was really popular at work
because he was the only guy who knew how to use Excel.
And people, I bet a lot of us here know about that,
going into the office,
been the only one who knows how to use a spreadsheet
and just people kept coming up to him.
And so they asked him, "Does Excel make you popular?"
And he said, "Yeah, it made me popular with my peers
"and with people at work."
And they said, "Do you get any fan mail?"
And he said, "Yes, I do."
Well, I get a lot of LinkedIn connection requests.
(laughing)
- I think they're rock stars.
Just back to Bill Jelen for a second.
Reading about his life, he goes around the world
giving talks, he's a hugely popular guy
within the Excel world.
He's written 60s--
- It's an important caveat, isn't it?
I'm a hugely popular guy within the Excel world.
(laughing)
- He's written 67 books on Excel.
He's got a list on his website as well
about the cool things that he's done
so that when you read it and you know Excel,
you're like, "Oh my God, this guy's amazing."
So check out his list of his awesomeness.
He helped a client in Australia
cut a 40 hour a month task into a four minute process.
That's pretty crazy.
- He was immediately fired.
- Yeah.
- Look at this, spent 14 minutes with a seminar attendee
in Trinidad to reduce a three day task
to a two minute process.
- Yeah, wow.
- Yeah, and then this is randomly thrown in there.
Once won $1,000 for stopping an electric fan
with his tongue at a local stupid human tricks competition.
(laughing)
- Say $1,000.
- $1,000.
- That's quite a low sum of money for an event
where there's a non-zero chance you'll lose your tongue.
- Very true.
- You might insure your tongue before you go to the event.
- For $2,000.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Win, win.
- Then if, so even if you lose it, you get $3,000.
If you stop the fan, you get $3,000.
- I don't know.
- I haven't thought this through.
- If you stop the fan, but you lose your tongue
in the process, you get $3,000.
- You need a spreadsheet to work it out.
And that's why, it sounds great.
(laughing)
Thank you.
- They could have shortened that bit that Andy just said,
which felt like about three days to just two minutes.
(laughing)
- You guys, I'm sure, came across the European
Spreadsheet Risks Group in your research for this.
What a bunch of heroes.
- What do they do?
- They, their whole raison d'etre
is to warn business leaders about the risks of spreadsheets.
- Okay.
- So there are millions of problems
which rise if a spreadsheet is bad,
or if there's human error, or anything.
You know, lost revenue, fraud, systematic failures,
people taking three days over something,
they should take two minutes, all of it.
And they have an annual conference to network
and discuss spreadsheet risk.
And they have a page on their website
which is called Horror Stories.
- Oh, yeah.
- I'll give us one.
(laughing)
- I'll do the crackling fire, as you tell it.
- It was a dark and stormy night.
(laughing)
- That's Hollywood bought the rights
to any of the Horror Stories.
- I know, they haven't.
- They can be really dangerous, though.
- You know, in seriousness, the dangers of spreadsheets
led to austerity, which I think,
I mean, it's, probably may have read about this,
but important to remember that whole period of shit
that we all went through, about 12 years ago.
- Yeah, glad things, glad things picked up after that.
(laughing)
Oh, we're not like to be in a timeline
where things just got worse and worse and worse.
(laughing)
- So that was all based on this Harvard paper.
So the reason that George Osborne and David Cameron
launched austerity was because of this Harvard paper
that did a bunch of calculations, which showed that,
I think, if your debt was exceeding 90% of your GDP,
then your economy would shrink.
And so they said, okay, the economy's gonna shrink
if we don't launch austerity.
Actually, it had been done on a spreadsheet,
and a bunch of rows of data had been missed out,
which, if they'd been included,
would have shown that the economy wouldn't shrink,
didn't need austerity at all,
all for nothing, sorry to be a downer.
But--
- I mean, was the reason they did it really the spreadsheet?
Or were they looking for an excuse and found this paper?
(laughing)
- George Osborne deleting those rows
in the middle of the night.
(laughing)
- That was, I think, mentioned by this group, wasn't it,
that Andy was talking about.
And another one was MI5.
They had a spreadsheet of a load of phone numbers
that they should bug.
But unfortunately, the spreadsheet cut off
the last three digits and turned them to 0, 0, 0.
And so they started bugging people
that were completely the wrong number.
- Oh, wow. - Oh, my God.
- That's so funny.
- Incredible.
- Oh, they must have got themselves in such knots,
listening to the conversations
about what we're having for dinner tonight.
(laughing)
I think that means there's gonna be a weapons drop
in Kazakhstan? - Yeah.
- 0, 0, 0 is also literally the non-spy, isn't it?
'Cause every number up is-- - 007, 006, 005.
- The worst spy. - The worst spy.
- I read in an article where they interviewed
Dan Bricklin, who invented the spreadsheet.
- Oh.
- Apparently, when he invented it,
people thought that people who were using it
had magical powers, 'cause this is what he said.
- Cool.
- Because they could do these jobs
so much quicker than anyone else.
- Yeah.
- But he said that not everyone quite understood
what they did, so some people thought
that it was just a way of showing numbers
and didn't realize that they had ways
of doing calculations and stuff as well.
And so, according to this guy,
some people would have the spreadsheet
and then would glue a calculator
to the side of their keyboard
so that they could do the calculations at the same time.
- Have you guys heard of Paul McKenna, the hypnotist?
- Yeah, of course, of course.
- So, Paul McKenna decided who he should marry
with the spreadsheet.
- As in, he wrote down the, like, pluses and minuses and--
- Well, he was, at a time in his life when he was,
he was going out with, he was dating
and he would go on dates with lots of women
and he then realized, oh, I don't think
I'm looking for the right thing
or he wasn't finding the right person.
- Yeah.
- And a friend pointed out, you're not happy.
You're going on all these dates
but you're really not happy with how your romantic life is.
Why didn't you make a spreadsheet
to find out who you really love?
And he did so, and he found out
that it was his long-term personal assistant, Kate, who--
- Who was also the person who did all his IT.
(laughing)
- Yeah, no, I know that, I mean, I did--
- I mean, it sounds like he's being Paul McKenna, doesn't it?
- Yeah, it does.
- Yeah.
- Wow, did he marry her?
- He did?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
(laughing)
Good to know how that worked out.
But well, have you guys heard of less famous
but Ariel Fishman?
- No.
- Ariel Fishman has--
- Ariel Fishman, sounds like someone
from The Little Mermaid to me.
- It does, doesn't it?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- It does, isn't Ariel the mermaid?
- Ariel is the mermaid, and she's a fish woman, yeah.
- Yeah, so this is her brother.
- Brother, yeah.
(laughing)
- And he has the largest collection
of spreadsheet software in the world.
He's been collecting it since its early days.
James, you look so excited by this.
- We don't need to ask if he's married.
(laughing)
- So he's got--
- That's me, that's me.
- Over 800 individual unique bits of Excel
and other companies.
'Cause back in the day--
- That's pretty cool.
- When spreadsheets started, there was a boom.
Companies were trying to get involved in it.
Boeing even started their own spreadsheet software,
but they lost out to Excel and Microsoft.
And so he's got a collection
of 800 unique pieces of software.
He's been collecting it for many, many years.
And apparently there's one, kind of like the Holy Grail,
the missing thing that he's been trying to get his hands on.
This is a bit of an old article.
Possibly he's got it now.
But Excel 2001 for the Mac
is the one thing that he can't get his hands on.
- Oh.
- So if anyone has it out there listening
or in the audience here in Aberdeen,
you're sitting on gold.
You're sitting on precious, precious gold.
- Wow. - My God.
- And Ariel Fishman would like to hear from you.
(laughing)
- Do wrap it in plastic before you send it to him.
'Cause obviously he lives under the waves.
- And, yeah.
- Yeah.
Oh wow, and Ariel collects things, doesn't she, as well?
- She does. - She does.
- Imagine what a boring film that would have been
if what she collected was versions of Excel.
- I've got spreadsheets and we're dusted.
- Under the sea, and when I say sea, I mean column sea.
(laughing)
- It is time for fact number two.
And that is Anna.
- My fact this week is that in 1966,
the World Chicken Congress happened in Kiev.
(laughing)
- Super.
- I know basically nothing else about it.
And it's, look, if we're being really pedantic,
it's the World Poultry Congress.
But potato batata, right?
- Well, I think that's quite important
because in 2019, 2004, and 2001,
the World Poultry Congress was in Turkey.
- Oh, brilliant. - Oh.
- Yeah.
- And in 2017, and 2003, it was in Northwest France,
30 miles from the city of Brest.
- Nice. - Super.
- What a shame that the city of Peking changed its name.
- Yes. - Traditionally, yeah, yeah.
- Not for the people of China who were going to be out
from under the yoke of, but yeah, not for the pun.
- I think if you told them the reason to keep it,
they might have, right?
- It does sound like a wild, it sounds really fun.
It sounds like a good place to get.
- Do you think? - Oh, well, I think so, yeah, yeah.
- What would you rather attend?
The World Excel Championships or the World Poultry Congress,
1966? - I couldn't choose.
I couldn't choose.
I'd tear myself in two.
- If they're on the same day, that'd be tough, wouldn't it?
- Well, just they've got interesting sounding papers
and sessions.
So this year, papers have included recent advances
in ostrich farming.
Wow, yeah, ostrich is a poultry too.
That's interesting.
(laughing)
- Can I just point out for the list of her?
Andy went, "Wow, yeah, right,
"before anyone in the audience made any noise."
- I think I'd heard a collective intake of breath.
Recent advances in duck nutrition.
Okay, that's weaker.
That is definitely weaker.
And mechanisms of regulation of the sperm
acrosome response in chickens.
The role of membrane rafts.
(groaning)
- Wow.
- I've always wondered what their role was.
- Yeah, so some questions to the one before.
You're at the conference, but, uh-oh,
all three of those talks are happening
on different stages at the same time.
(laughing)
- I'll go to ostrich farming, I think.
- Oh, wow.
- Advanced advances in ostrich farming.
I just don't think I'd understand that one.
I was clinging on as I read it out.
(laughing)
- In the 1966 one, all the papers had to be presented.
So you had to present a paper that was about 2,500 words
and then you read it out to a scintillated audience.
And they all had to be typed up
in English, French, Russian, and German.
And you'd have to type it up, you know.
Yourself, individually.
And there was just a thing in the bump
that they sent out for it that said,
"Should the author have any difficulty translating
the paper into Russian in case the author struggles,
the organizing committee provides it free of charge."
But, which implies that the others,
you've just got to be trilingual,
as well as being a poultry bro.
- Is it English, French, and German?
- Yeah.
- That's a challenge, yeah.
- Wow.
- It is, but yeah.
The World Poultry Congress is a big deal.
- One interesting thing about poultry farming, right,
is that some people think that we are currently
in the geological age of the chicken.
- Ah!
- And the reason being that we eat as a species,
so many chickens, and we farm so many of them.
And because when we finish with them,
their bones often go into landfill,
they'll be left for long, long periods.
And so in thousands and hundreds of thousands of years time,
they'll just find loads and loads of chicken bones everywhere
and just assume that this was some kind of chicken culture.
- They were in charge.
- Oh my God.
- All the buildings that were there were built by chickens.
- I guess I'll think that.
- And they'll all be wiped out of history,
and it's just, wow, that's so exciting.
- Oh, the only other conclusion you can take
is that the dinosaurs weren't the biggest thing at the time,
just people were eating a lot of them.
- Yes.
- There was something bigger that was eating all of them.
- That's such a great point.
Up until, I think it was the Second World War,
we didn't really eat chicken that much.
It was really expensive to produce them.
You would eat, this is, the story I read
was more to do with America,
so it was about the production and how much it would cost.
And then there was a competition run
called the Chicken of Tomorrow.
And the Chicken of Tomorrow competition was,
every farmer was invited to come and present their chicken.
They sent in the eggs, so they didn't even bring a chicken.
So they just sent the eggs,
and then the eggs were incubated and they hatched.
And then they looked after these eggs
and they watched what kind of chickens were yielded
and how meaty they were
and how quickly they could produce eggs and so on.
And they were trying to find a chicken
that they could then mass farm and produce
so that all of America could basically
eat chicken as a standard meal.
- The chickens we're eating now are basically,
they are the descendants of the Chickens of Tomorrow.
- Yeah, of this one competition.
- The Chickens of today are the Chickens...
- The Chickens of Tomorrow.
- It's like back to the future, but they're chickens.
- It sounds absolutely bananas.
So there were 40 finalists in this competition,
and you had to submit 720 eggs as an individual farmer.
And then they were, as Dan says,
they were raised in controlled conditions.
They were all fed the same thing.
And then after 12 weeks,
the survivors were slaughtered and judged.
So it sounds like it was really fun.
- Gosh, that's like, Miss World was like that, isn't it?
- What is weird that you mentioned beauty queens, James,
because as part of the celebrations,
the jamboree to celebrate the offing
of however many thousands of the surviving chickens,
they had dances, they had a parade, they had a rodeo,
and they also had a chicken of Tomorrow Queen,
who was a beauty queen who would go around
promoting the chicken of Tomorrow.
- Oh, a human.
- Yeah, a human.
- She was called Nancy McGee, which is a good name, I think,
for the Chickens of Tomorrow Queen.
And she was like, we've talked about industry queens
in the middle of the century.
They were there to promote the industry.
- Well, we talked about Marilyn Monroe ages ago,
being the asparagus queen of--
- Or us, Chiltrope.
- Oh, sorry, was it? - Or us, Chiltrope.
- Oh, sorry, was it? - Oh, yeah.
- I'm sorry.
- Can you idiot?
(laughing)
- Do we know anything more about Nancy McGee, though?
- I don't know, I mean, she might still be alive.
She was about 18 at the time she won.
That was 1948. - Yeah, right.
- I know that she didn't have as big a Chicken of Tomorrow
career as the person who came after her.
So it was so successful, Chicken of Tomorrow, 1948,
I think it was, that they had another one in 1951.
And there's a huge star, Joan Walters of Arkansas,
was the queen of Chicken of Tomorrow contest, 1951.
She was a big celeb.
- Was she?
- Well, in a very small part of America.
Yeah.
- Okay, wow.
- But no, we don't.
All I know about the contest is also
when they sent their 720 eggs,
'cause they had to be really carefully timed,
'cause you've got to start incubating them
at precisely the right time.
They had to be loaded onto trains
that were specifically timed to take the eggs
and get them to the place where they were gonna be
incubated at the perfect moment for them, you know,
to be put under heat.
So special egg trains.
- Speaking of eggs, by the way,
the National Egg Collection of 1914,
I don't know if you came across that.
- No. - It's pretty amazing.
And I can tell that you did.
The idea of this was, it was during the war,
and what you would do is you would collect some eggs
and you would send them over to France
for recovering soldiers or people on the front line.
Their aim was to get 20,000 eggs a week over to France.
And in the week of the 16th to the 23rd of August that year,
they managed 1,030,380 eggs that they sent over.
It's insane.
- Were they intact though?
Were they like, can you use bubble wrap next time?
- I think it was a massive omelet, they said.
No, it's bizarre, because think of the one fragile,
precious thing you don't want to send into a war zone,
an egg with its little shell.
- The problem was they put them all in one massive basket.
- It does sound incredibly sweet.
- It's incredible, it's so cool.
- Because there was this theory that eggs were so nutritious,
they were the best thing for, you know,
our boys over in northern France,
and there were lots of protein,
and they were great for recovery.
And children would write their names and addresses
on the eggs, and sometimes soldiers
who were given the eggs would write back to the children and...
- On what? Another egg?
- No, fake, well, no.
- On a sausage?
- Just on a bit of paper.
But by August 1916,
they got through 22 million eggs in total.
- It's so amazing.
- It's bananas.
- You could put like little messages as well
as your name and address, couldn't you,
and they called them egograms.
- Oh, that's great, so good.
If you're a chicken farmer,
sometimes your chickens will try and overthrow you,
and you have to resist.
- What?
- This is true.
So, it's...
- Have you recently read Animal Farm?
- Yeah.
- No, you're thinking here.
- No, so, you know, the pecking order is a real thing.
- Yeah.
- Actual hierarchies in chicken societies,
and some cockerels will try to challenge the pecking order
and start pecking you, the farmer,
and you have to, you have two methods at that point
to kind of reassert your dominance over the whole barn
or the whole flock or whatever it is.
So, method one is to put on thick leather gloves,
and you just pin the aggressive rooster to the ground.
Every time it comes at you, you just say, "No, stop.
"Chill out, I'm the captain now."
And you just do that, and eventually it just gets
the message and it's like, "Okay, I submit."
You know, the other option is to kill and eat that rooster.
(laughing)
Do you have to eat it in front of all the other chickens?
- I say so.
- Oh, no.
- Let this be a lesson to you all.
- So, but you said there's only two ways to stop this, right?
So, have there been situations where neither method
has been deployed and a whole farm is now being run
by a chicken with some dead farmer?
- Yeah, yeah.
You've seen those signs, you know,
pick your own humans at the side of the motorway.
- You know, that and Matthews?
- 10 chickens in an overcoat.
(laughing)
- And do you know what fart eggs are?
- Ah, fart eggs. - Ah, fart eggs.
- No. - Or cock eggs,
they're the same thing, or wind eggs.
They've got lots of names for this one thing,
and they're tiny, tiny eggs.
But I didn't know that hens did this.
They sometimes get laid by completely ordinary hens,
and it's often when they're just learning how to lay,
I think, and they haven't got it quite right.
- Just a, just a-- - Just a mini egg is a,
it's like a mini egg, compared to--
(laughing)
- It's incredible they get so many of them every year.
And they have to pump the chocolate, yeah, yeah.
- Yeah, then they get the chocolate right inside.
- But do they fart them out?
Is it like a cough, where it's like,
"Oh, God, there's an egg?"
(laughing)
I don't know what the process is,
but it's not, it's not the passing of wind that causes it.
- Okay. - It's just,
I guess it's just called that,
because it's like an accidental whoopsy,
I've laid a useless egg.
Although sometimes very good for dieting, I'd imagine,
because they're often without any yolk.
They're all white.
They're on a diet. - Oh, good for making a meringue.
- Very good for meringue. - Great for meringues.
- A tiny meringue.
(laughing)
And they used to be, if you do have a cock egg,
or a fart egg, there is, well, there's a myth
that it used to be produced by a cockatrice,
a mythical serpent,
and that the only way to get rid of the curse
that would be on you is to,
'cause it could kill you with an evil stare,
is by throwing the egg over the house
and smashing it in the field next door.
So you've got to get rid of that egg.
- Or you can just kill and eat the cockatrice.
That also works. - Yeah.
- Can I quickly ask a very stupid question?
I just realized I don't know about this egg.
So these are tiny, tiny eggs.
- Yes. - From a chicken
that would usually have big eggs, right?
- Well, normal sized eggs.
- Normal sized eggs.
So when an egg is growing inside,
I always assumed that it would sort of,
it was the size it was always gonna be,
and it sort of forms a shape and congeals and stuff.
Do eggs start as tiny little eggs
and slowly like expand like a balloon?
- No, they definitely don't do that.
- Okay. - I think so.
(laughing)
- I think you need to go to next year's World Poultry Company.
Just very quickly, before we move on.
- Yeah. - On chicken kievs,
or chicken kievs. - Yep.
- We obviously often call them these days.
Invented possibly in Ukraine, possibly in Russia,
possibly in France, we're not really sure.
I think invented in Britain.
Because the modern chicken kiev,
like the old ones were basically buttery
and with herbs and stuff.
And if you go to Russia and Ukraine,
that's kind of what you get most of the time.
Modern ones with garlic in,
probably invented by a woman called Cathy Chapman in 1979,
who was working for Marks & Spencer.
And this was the first ever chilled, ready meal,
which she invented.
And when she invented it,
the guy at Marks & Spencer, who was in charge,
was like, I don't like garlic,
so no one else likes garlic.
We're not gonna make them.
And she was like, no, no, I tell you, tell you,
like garlic is the next big thing.
Honestly, it's gonna be huge.
And within about two years,
M&S had to set up a whole new factory
just to make chicken kievs.
- Oh, wow. - Amazing.
- That's so cool. - Rocket.
- A applause, a applause for that woman who we thought.
- Can I do one more really quick? - Okay, very quickly.
- The USA has a secret stock of chicken farms,
which are guarded.
And no one is allowed to know where they are,
apart from the people who work there.
So this is because they make,
they truck them to, again, secret facilities,
the eggs that are laid there.
The eggs are cracked open and used to make, any guesses?
- Omelettes. - Something we've all had for of
in the last year?
- Pandemics. - Pandemics.
- Vaccines. - Vaccines, thank you.
Thank you for the sensible suggestion.
James.
Yeah, each egg produces one vaccine.
They sort of inject the virus,
the virus strain they're looking for, into an egg,
and they incubate it for a few days,
and then they harvest the virusy goo,
and then they kill off the virus,
and then they use that to make a vaccine.
And the US government gets through 100 million eggs every year,
and the farms that lay them are secret.
You're not allowed to know. They're kind of national security.
- Wow. - Egg farms.
What then happens with that egg? Sorry.
- It's done. It's done its job. - It's finished.
It's not cooked.
It's been used in a very serious, complicated medical prison.
I'm wondering if you could secretly vaccinate a whole country
by just giving them eggs.
- Oh! - Oh!
And there's your Dan Brown novel, I guess.
[laughter]
[upbeat music]
Okay, I do need to move us on to our next fact.
It is time for fact number three, and that is James.
Okay, my fact this week is that in the 18th century,
a Worcestershire man called John Tallis
stayed in bed for 30 years with a peg on his nose
because he thought fresh air was dangerous.
[laughter]
- He sounds like a very strange guy. - He is, rather.
This was a review of a book called "The Georgians"
by Penelope J. Corfield.
And this was a report in a magazine called "Gentlemen's Magazine"
and they were talking about this guy who lived
in a place called Burkut near Solihull.
And throughout this whole time, he didn't see anyone, basically.
He had hardly any visitors.
Basically, the only people he ever saw were his servants
who would change his bed once a year.
- Is that... - I'm not sure they were changing
the bed sheets once a year. - No, they were changing the whole bed.
- I believe it was the whole bed. - That's quite good.
It was a mixture, so occasionally they would change the sheets.
So if they changed the sheets, he would roll onto one side of the bed
and they would undo it, and then he would roll back onto the other.
They undo and slip it on, like on those table tricks.
So he'd go, "Hula!" And nothing leaves, right?
And then the other thing was, if they were changing the full bed,
they would wheel in another bed and he would sort of tumble
into the new bed and then they would remove the old bed.
- Were they making the call based on how disgusting the bed was?
Was it, like, on the 1st of January, we're going to come round,
are we going to see if you just need a change of sheets
or if it's a full new bed that you need again? Was it that?
Probably once a year for the full bed, and then incremental changes?
- I think that's right, yeah. - You can estimate how gross it's going to be
without fully checking it.
- After 20 years, I imagine you'll have some data to work with, yeah.
- If you've got a spreadsheet. - Yeah, exactly.
- So why did he refuse to get out of bed?
The fresh air thing, fine, he doesn't want to go outside,
but I just, like, stand up and let them take the sheets off.
- Is that just... - I guess so, yeah.
- Well, I mean, it's lazy. - He's been in bed for a while.
- It's hard to get out of bed, isn't it? - I know, I've been there.
- He didn't want his... Like, he didn't want any fresh air in the room,
so he had, like, just one window in the room with glass,
which was three times thicker than any other glass you could get at that time.
I think just three panes.
And his head was covered in more than 100 yards of flannel.
- 100 yards? - What?
- Yeah, no. - And it, like, a mummy?
Like this.
- They said it was as large as a large beehive.
- Wow. - Oh, thank you so much for that.
- That really puts it into context for me. - That was the quote from the day.
- No wonder he didn't leave the room. He wouldn't have been able to fit out the door.
- 100... - Exactly. - A massive beehive on his head.
- I know why he was in bed. - Why?
- He was cursed by a woman. - Oh.
- Yeah, so he was... - Classic.
You've made it sound quite sexy being...
- Well, I just think he went to bed. - Cursed by a woman.
So he caught her stealing part of his fencing,
and he ordered her to put it down.
He said, "Put those sticks down."
And she said, "A curse on you."
And she condemned him to remain cold and to never feel the warmth of a fire.
And that's what happened, because he made it happen.
- So did he say he thought that's why he was in this situation?
- Well, that's the story. I mean, there's a lot of story in the story.
- Oh, but that's not his story. - Sorry.
- That's not his story as to why he was in bed.
He wasn't like, "I've been cursed by this woman."
- Oh, that's his story. - That was his story.
- I've been cursed. Yeah, yeah. - Oh, okay.
- And you're saying you believe him? - Absolutely.
- Okay. - Yeah.
- Right. - If you believe in a curse, then you have been cursed.
- Exactly. It's all psychological, if you believe in it.
- But then it explains what was confusing me,
which was what was his explanation for the fact that everyone else
wasn't dropping dead, who was in the outside world.
But was it just him who was going to die at the Fresh Air?
- Yeah, it's very rarely I curse you on, by the way, everyone else.
- For that? - It takes the thing out of the curse
if it's a universal thing.
- Well, because James said, "Because Fresh Air was dangerous,"
which it was, but not universally, right?
It's like if you're allergic to prawns.
Prawns are dangerous. - That's true.
- You know. - Yeah, yeah.
- That makes sense. - Well, he must have seen other people
who could go outside and get him new beds,
so it clearly wasn't as dangerous for everybody.
- Unless the servants were coming in and going,
it's still, they're dropping dead outside like flies, yeah?
- I think there was a rule that they weren't allowed to mention
what was going on. They couldn't bring up the whole,
like, "Why don't you just come out now?"
You know, they just sort of let it happen.
- Well, no one kind of intervened.
He clearly was suffering from what we call hypochondria now.
- Yeah, except it was a curse.
(laughter)
- Yeah, but that's probably how he would have rationalised
his hypochondria at the time.
Oh, I can't come out, I've been cursed, sorry.
- You've obviously never been cursed.
I feel like it.
- Supposedly as well, like James, you're a fact saying
that he had a peg on his nose and there's a few other accounts
where he would put a cork up each nostril as well,
which just sounds fun, I think.
- 'Cause you'd imagine whenever he sneezed, he just went...
(laughter)
- Oh, dear. - Yeah.
Great guy, great guy, John Talis.
- Yeah. - Was he?
- Outside of the curse thing.
- Just, no, just committing to a curse, you know, kind of.
A lot of us are going to lead lives
that don't get talked about in 100 years from now.
John Talis, here we are in Aberdeen on stage,
talking about a guy, put a peg on his nose.
- Rolled over his... - Beehive on his head.
- Beehive on his head, large beehive.
- Large beehive.
- I read about a woman from Taunton.
This was supposedly written in the British Medical Journal.
I couldn't find it in the BMJ,
but it's written in lots of newspaper reports
where they say it was in the BMJ.
Anyway, her doctor, Peter Rowe, in 1978,
said that she stayed in bed for 40 years
because a doctor once told her to not get up
until he came back and he never came back.
- Oh, no! (laughter)
- And was that doctor, like, on his deathbed some years later
and just his last words were, "Oh!"
(laughter)
- I knew he went back.
- But we all know that feeling
where you commit just a bit too long
and then you think, "Well, I can't quit now,"
and then it just kind of gets a bit ridiculous.
- Yeah, I've seen you stand up.
- Yeah, my career is. (laughter)
- Speaking of lying in bed for a very long time,
this is a different kind of lying in bed for a very long time,
lying on a bed of nails.
- Oh, very good.
- Yeah, so the records are quite interesting.
The female record for lying on a bed of nails is 30 hours, okay?
By a woman called Miranda, Queen of the Fakirs.
- Queen of the Fakirs.
- Wow, nominative determinism.
(laughter)
- Fakir.
- Fakir, so?
- Okay.
- Kind of, come on.
(laughter)
Come on, mate.
There's kind of,
(laughter)
kind of far-eastern mystic is a Fakir, you know?
Yeah.
- Sorry.
- That's all right.
So anyway, Miranda, Queen of the Fakirs has the,
sorry, I'm sorry for telling you off.
(laughter)
I really am.
So anyway, female record,
Miranda, Queen of the Fakirs.
Male record, held by a man called Ken Owen.
And it's just a...
(laughter)
- Ken Owen.
- But his record is 300 hours, compared with 30.
And it was broken in 1986.
- I mean, doesn't that just tell you women have things to do?
(laughter)
- Well, well, no, no, no, because no, well,
to be fair to him, Ken was on holiday.
And this was in 1986.
- And it's...
- Someone had taken all of the loungers
and he's like, "Oh."
(laughter)
- No, so it's written, it's on the Guinness website,
but it's not, it's only in newspapers from the time.
And he was, he traveled across Wales
on a fortnight's holiday and wherever he went,
he would lie down for, you know, 10 hours at a time.
It was cumulative.
- Oh, it wasn't icy, it wasn't consecutive.
That is cheating.
- Yeah, maybe.
Well, he also, he did other things while he was doing it.
I think it was maybe a martial arts guy.
He had 26 concrete blocks piled on his chest
and then smashed by his friends.
- Okay.
- It's that while he was lying on the nails, yeah.
They do do that sometimes.
- Yeah, I think it was, yeah.
And he said, "The good news was,
the longer you lie on the bed of nails,
the more the nails gradually rust due to your sweat."
So...
- Oh, what does that do to it?
- Is that good?
- He said, "Well, by the time I finish,
my bed should, in theory, feel as flat as a snooker table."
(laughter)
- So it's just a very long and aware filing down your nails.
Although you don't want to file those kind of nails.
- No.
- I've become confused.
- Yeah.
- Anyway.
- Do you know the person who has been asleep
for the longest amount of time,
according to newspapers at the time,
was someone who was hypnotised.
So I think asleep under hypnosis.
I was hypnotised by a hypnotist called Peter Powers.
You guys heard of Peter Powers?
- Oh, yeah.
- I think he was a deal in the 80s and 90s.
He hypnotised a man in a Liverpool shop window.
I don't know if the man asked for it
or if he was just looking for...
- Was that not a man? - Traumaticus.
(laughter)
- Well, he's still asleep.
- Well, he doesn't seem to have a head.
(laughter)
- Someone keeps him up with the latest fashion.
Every week.
- Guys, you've blown it absolutely wide open.
He's a big old cheat.
No, he slept apparently for eight continuous days.
- Okay.
- Except that he was woken every few hours
to go to the loo and drink water.
But he was woken but was still in a hypnotic state.
So apparently it counts.
But Peter Powers recorded a tape of himself
that he gave to the medical team
who were monitoring this bloke all the time.
That was if saying like,
if Peter Powers got killed in a mysterious accident,
then they were to turn on this tape of him
and it would get him out of his hypnotic state.
Because otherwise he'd be asleep forever.
- Oh, wow. - Yeah.
- That's sensible.
- It's good health and safety.
- It's responsible hypnotism.
- Yeah, absolutely.
Good on him.
- The country of Montenegro has a lying down champion,
an annual championship in lying down,
yet to be televised on ESPN.
Big mistake.
I had never heard this before.
Supposedly there is a widespread national stereotype,
internal stereotype of laziness in Montenegro.
- Is that right?
- People are very relaxed.
They like to take it easy.
And this year's winner won after 60 hours
and said, "I didn't even warm up."
And it's, you know,
lots of foreigners have entered over the years.
It's been going on.
Only Montenegroans have ever won.
So yeah.
And I found an old Montenegroan joke,
if you'd like to hear it.
- I'd love to 'cause I got to Montenegro quite a lot.
- Right.
Well, this is, it can't be that old
'cause it features Steven Spielberg.
So...
- Yeah.
He's been around a while.
- He's been around a while.
Steven Spielberg's shooting a movie in Montenegro
and he invites a load of locals
to audition to be extras, right?
- Yeah.
- And he hires two Montenegroan guys
and he explains to them their task for this movie
is just to lie under a tree.
It's all you have to do, lie under a tree.
And they work for two days
while they're shooting this scene around them.
- I wonder what movie that was.
- I don't know.
- It would probably be...
- Yeah.
- Okay, I'm sorry.
(audience laughing)
- On the third day, Spielberg tells them
that for the new scene they're shooting,
they have to move to another tree.
And one of the guys replies,
"Mr. Spielberg, we're actors, not stuntmen."
(audience laughing)
- That's quite a nice joke.
- It's a good joke.
- Yeah.
- I like it.
- We're gonna have to move on in a sec, by the way.
Unless you work out what movie that's from.
(audience laughing)
- I've got one more kind of slightly eccentric person
from the 18th century if we have time.
- Go for it, yeah, yeah.
- This guy called Henry Cope
and he was known as the Green Man of Brighton
because he always dressed in green pantaloons
with a green waistcoat, a green frock, a green cravat.
He dyed his hair green and his whiskers
and his eyebrows green.
He would always eat nothing but green food,
green fruits and green vegetables.
He had his apartment painted green
and he had it furnished with a green sofa,
green chairs, green table, a green bed and green curtains.
He always walked around with a green silk handkerchief
and he had green buttons on his coat
and he walked around also with a green poodle.
- I'm waiting for you to say his shoes were always red.
(audience laughing)
- There's no line there, I guess.
Apart from maybe like Eiffel 65 or colorblind
and they were right about this guy, I don't know.
But apparently he'd lost his wits over love
for a beautiful woman and decided to wear green forever.
- Right.
- That'll get her back.
(audience laughing)
- How's a woman, trust me.
- Every time he passes, "Ah, the one I let go."
- Meanwhile, she's looking out of her window at her field,
can't see him at all.
(audience laughing)
Doesn't realize he's passing.
- If only he'd come to see me once, I'd marry him.
(upbeat music)
- Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show
and that is my fact.
My fact this week is that according to Cameroonian folklore,
the best way to beat a chimpanzee in a fight
is to pretend to stab yourself with your weapon
and then throw it at them.
The chimpanzee will then imitate what you did
and fatally stab itself.
(audience laughing)
Fight over.
So as I say, this is folklore.
I found this in an academic book
called "Primates of Geshakar"
and it was edited by someone
that I've worked with in the past.
So has James, a primatologist called Volka Sumer.
And the idea is that the mimicry abilities
of the chimpanzee is such that they will think
that that's part of how the processes
of chucking these things back.
So they were finding that when they were throwing
these spears at chimpanzees,
which was their chosen weapon to kill them,
they would imitate it and pick it back
and people could get hurt.
So the hunter would be hunted
by the spear being thrown back.
So they introduced this idea.
What if we pretended to stab ourselves
and that hence is what happened with the chimpanzees?
- But presumably they didn't actually do it.
- Well, it's folklore.
So it's sort of like, it's told as if it did happen,
but I don't think there's any actual evidence.
- It will be based presumably on the cliche
that they are good mimics and so--
- Like the monkey people, right?
- Yeah, exactly.
- Volka Sumer, have we ever mentioned him before?
- I don't think we have.
- Correct me if I'm wrong,
'cause I'm going off memory,
but I think his main thing was
they wanted to know how many ants some apes were eating
and they didn't know how many they'd been eating,
but the only bit of evidence they had
was looking through the feces
and seeing how many like bits of dead ant the were, right?
But that doesn't really tell you
how much has kind of been absorbed into the body.
And so he got all of his research students
to eat a load of ants and then save their poo.
And then they all had to check through all of their poos
to see how many bits of ants came out
because we have a similar digestion system to the apes
and that would be able to tell us
how many ants were eaten by the ants.
- So you'd eat the ant, it would just be the head
and it was roughly, for every 10 ants,
one ant head would come out is what he found.
And it was a cultural thing,
it was like the group that identified by this one thing.
- Oh, like it was one group of--
- It's a cultural marker, basically.
- It's a cultural marker, exactly.
- Yeah.
- They're very nice guys, chimpanzees.
Most of the time, yes, you're giving me a funny look
'cause they also do have quite high murder rates.
(laughing)
But I think their murder rate is the same as Tijuana
in the center of the drug wars in Mexico,
which I know doesn't reflect very well on them.
They are the only other species aside from humans
who sort of plot to kill each other,
but they generally avoid it
and they are really good in other ways.
So for instance, they're much fairer than human beings.
Not like Snow White is the fairest of them all.
Like they have inequity aversion, they hate unfairness.
- Oh really?
- So there are various studies
that have been done with other monkeys
where like if you give one monkey a grape
and then you give another monkey a bit of lettuce,
then the monkey with the lettuce stops eating it really soon
because they're too jealous of the guy with the grape.
Even though if they hadn't seen the bloat with the grape,
they would have eaten the lettuce very happily.
So that happens with monkeys and other animals
'cause they've got a real sense of fairness like we have.
Like that's so unfair, how come he gets a grape?
But chimps do it on behalf of each other.
So there've been experiments where if you give one chimp a grape
but you don't give her friend a grape,
then she won't eat that grape
until her mate's been given one.
- They're unionized.
(laughing)
- Yeah, people are really--
- That's amazing, that's really cool.
- I mean, chimps research was so controversial.
- I mean, if you gave me and Dan a grape.
- I know.
- Sorry, if you gave me a grape and not Dan,
there would soon be no grapes around
where I'd just quickly eat the grape and hope
Dan hadn't noticed that I'd be given a grape.
- You're less evolved than a chimp.
- Apparently so.
(laughing)
- That is, like that was at Franz de Valle says,
"They're more fair than us, certainly than you,
"but even than all of us."
And actually he was saying when this was so controversial,
this was coming out, the idea in the late 20th century
that all these human traits actually existed
in chimps as well.
And Franz de Valle said that when they came up
with the conclusion that chimps have this innate sense
of fairness, a philosopher wrote to him saying,
"It's completely impossible that any animal
"has a sense of fairness because fairness was invented
"in the French Revolution."
(laughing)
- Franz de Valle, he was like, he's one of the main writers
on chimps and bonobos as well, right?
And I read some of his writings on both of those things.
And he was writing about a zookeeper
who'd worked with chimpanzees.
And then he started working with bonobos.
And bonobos, I don't know if you know,
I think they're our closest relatives, right?
They're very sexual animals.
They are very touchy-feely, all that kind of stuff.
This zookeeper had only worked with chimps before.
And so he went up to this bonobo for the first time
and went to give him a little kiss.
And the bonobo stuck his tongue down his throat.
(laughing)
- That's amazing.
- And it turns out they French kiss bonobos.
- Oh, really?
They French kiss humans?
- Well, generally each other,
but if you get close enough.
- Wow.
- Un-fussy.
- What a good fact.
- That's so good.
- That was also controversial.
'Cause people, again, Franz de Waal was saying,
when the whole thing that bonobos--
- Stocking was invented by the French
during the French Revolution.
That's why we call it the French Kiss.
- Yes.
- There was this big thing came out that bonobos
are just rampantly shagging all the time,
like regardless of gender, practically species.
And Franz de Waal wanted to publish
his big coffee table book on it.
And it wouldn't get published
by National Geographic in America.
I think this was in the '70s or the '80s.
Because basically it was too rude.
And they said, "This is too raunchy."
And so he had to go to Germany to get it published,
where, obviously, they said, "Please!"
- That's very funny.
- And they put a picture of shagging bonobos
on the front cover.
- That's so cool.
- As part of this research of this fact,
I was Googling chimpanzees.
- Makes sense.
- Yeah.
- It checks out.
But I Googled chimpanzees.
And you know, it quickly comes up with
people also ask on Google.
- Okay, yeah.
- And I hadn't been searching for anything,
any unusual terms or anything like that.
- Sure you weren't.
- It was like chimpanzee rituals
or whatever I'd searched for.
Anyway, one of the main,
like this presented it to,
I can't stress,
I hadn't done anything to deserve this suggestion from Google.
One of the main questions for Google on chimpanzees,
people also ask,
"What happens if human sperm gets in a chimpanzee?
"Get in."
- Yes.
- Sorry, you know when you let me your computer last week.
- That's what genuinely,
I was very shocked that that came up.
- Well, it's a big question.
- It's not a big question.
- It is.
Is there possible to have a hybrid species
between like a lot of people?
(audience laughing)
- There was that Soviet guy,
wasn't there?
We probably mentioned him before.
- Yeah.
- He tried to sort of do a hybrid between.
- A humanzi, it's called.
- Well, I think we have solved the mystery
of why your computer was defaulting to that.
I think you've got to stop learning it to Dan.
- What was the answer though?
- I didn't click on it.
- Oh, you, you wimp.
- What are you...
(audience laughing)
- A humanzi.
- Call yourself a researcher.
- I don't like humanzi.
- You don't like it?
- I go with chump.
(audience laughing)
- Nice.
- The harm of human and the chump of chump.
- That's, yeah, I actually worked that out.
What do you say?
(audience laughing)
- But they make nests.
This is a thing that should be more spoken about.
They make nests every night.
- Yeah.
- Birds make nests.
I don't think of any other animals
that make nests apart from birds.
- That's what the thought is.
That's how we got pubic lice.
Is through sleeping in the nests
of gorillas and chimpanzees and so on.
- Wasps.
Sorry.
Wasps make nests.
- Ah.
- Wasps make nests.
Great one.
Birds, bees. - Sorry, Dan.
- Sorry, someone said.
- Bees.
- Bees don't make nests.
- I work with them beehive.
- Yeah, some of them do, I reckon.
- Some do.
- Oh, some solitary bees, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
- Actually, the vast majority of bees are solitary.
- Right, the vast majority of bees.
- Wasps, birds, and chimpanzees.
It's still interesting.
But they, so this is the interesting thing.
Their beds are extremely clean,
and they also reuse them.
This is amazing.
As they travel, 'cause they're often moving,
they make new beds every night.
They will reuse their beds within six months,
and they will leave the foundations in place
to build on when they return.
- Face mark.
And yet, pubic lice, Dan.
- We get, no, because they also poo in their beds,
which is part of the reason that they move around.
So they use it as a toilet.
So why would you sleep in your toilet
after you've used it?
So they migrate every day.
- Very slow learners.
Just every morning, "Oh, fuck, I pooed in my bed again.
"I'm gonna have to move."
- Get the servants to wheel it, a new one.
Yeah, over you go.
- But yeah, and then, so, early human, early man,
I don't even know if necessarily it was the point
where we were necessarily homo sapien.
It was proto man, let's say, would see these empty nests
and go, "Great, I've got a bed for the night."
So we would sort of be walking behind the chimps
and gorillas to find bedding for the evening.
And little bits of pubic lice would be hanging around in there,
and that's where we'd catch them from.
- Wow.
- So that's what you Google,
how do people get pubic lice?
- Yeah.
- Great news, darling.
- Unfortunately, a little bit of sperm did get in.
- Oh, God.
- The show of voices, Aberdeen,
how many people think they could beat a chimpanzee in a fight?
- Let's do it.
- Well, the stereotypes of Scotland is not what I thought.
(laughing)
- That's class go. - Class go, yeah.
- We're going there tomorrow, I think,
and we'll tell them you said that.
(laughing)
- There was a famous study that we've actually mentioned
once or twice, and they found that 38% of men thought
that they could beat a chimpanzee in a fight.
- 38!
- Now there was some studies done in the 1920s
about how strong chimpanzees are,
and they found one chimpanzee called Suzette,
who could do a one-handed pull of 1,260 pounds.
- Wow.
- Okay, it was during a fit of passion,
so it wasn't normally how she would do it,
but they kind of, they gave them things to pull
and they did that.
Now, there is a very recent study from this year
that has looked at all those old ones,
and reckon that they were properly exaggerated.
And actually, chimpanzees aren't as strong as we think.
They're actually much closer to humans,
and they reckon that the average chimpanzee
has a differential of about 1.5 times the average human.
And so if you actually plot those graphs
of the stronger humans and the weaker chimpanzees,
actually, it's not much.
It's like in the 20% or 20 or 30%.
So actually, 38% of men saying that could actually be right.
- Really?
- That's incredible, wow.
But chimpanzees will sort of just rip your ear off,
as in they don't fight nice.
I don't think even if I was stronger than a chimpanzee,
which I'm definitely not saying I am,
I would be willing to go for the, go for it.
- Yeah, well, that's true.
I suppose they might fight in a different way than us.
- Would you, your tactic would be just complaining
to the umpire constantly.
(laughing)
- Breath, breath.
The ear thing, come on.
- Andy wins with a technicality collector ripped off.
- Queensbury rules are not being observed here.
(laughing)
We're gonna have to wrap up in a sec, guys.
- Well, did you know that chimps drink responsibly?
- Cool.
- Yeah, they do drink, but never to excess.
- And it's mostly PG tips.
(laughing)
- This was, they found this out in Guinea,
'cause humans harvest us.
We harvest and ferment stuff from trees
and they were harvesting sugary sap from raffia palms
and fermenting it.
And they found that when they allowed it to ferment,
they'd leave it in little cups jammed into the tree.
Then chimps would come and they'd fold up leaves
and they'd dip them in, use them as sponges,
and then they'd drink it.
But in their drinking sessions,
they would dip about nine times,
which would amount to a beer of about 3.1% alcohol.
(laughing)
- And then they'd stop.
- And then they've had enough.
That's it, home from the pub.
- Well, it means they can drive back, doesn't it?
(laughing)
- I was reading about a chimp from Aberdeen.
- Oh.
- Yeah, you guys know Hazelhead Park?
- Yes.
- They sure do.
That means, at least I got the right Aberdeen.
(laughing)
Otherwise, I don't know where this would have gone.
But in the '60s and '70s,
you had a zoo in Hazelhead Park.
It's not there anymore.
And they had a chimp called Humphrey.
And while they were building the zoo,
Humphrey lived with one of the owners
or one of the people who was kind of paying for it.
And they kept him in a nappy so that he didn't poo everywhere.
And then one day they went out
and they kept him in like a cage, a large cage,
but they kept him in a cage.
And he managed to break out of the cage.
And they found him, he'd broken into the larder,
and they found him in an easy chair
with a lump of cake in one hand
and a chocolate biscuit in the other.
(laughing)
(upbeat music)
- Okay, that's it, that is all of our facts.
Thank you so much for listening.
If you would like to get in contact with any of us
about the things that we have said
over the course of this podcast,
we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
I'm on @Sriberland, Andy.
- @AndrewHunterM.
- James.
- @JamesHarkin.
- And Anna.
- You can email our podcast at qi.com.
- Yep, you can go to our group account,
which is @NoSuchThing or our website,
NoSuchThingAsAfish.com.
All the previous episodes are up there.
Check them out.
All of our previous episodes are up there.
Did I just say that?
I said, why did I just say the same thing?
- He's glitching, he's glitching.
Get the hammer.
(laughing)
- Bring the chimp on.
- There's also a link to our new membership club,
Club Fish, very exciting.
It's a land that has no adverts.
It's very, very cool.
Check it out, as well as extra shows
that we've been putting up there behind the scenes stuff
to just head to NoSuchThingAsAfish.com for that.
Outside of that, just want to quickly say,
thank you so much, Aberdeen, that was so much fun.
We will be back again for everyone listening at home.
Thank you so much.
We'll be back again next week with another episode.
We'll see you then.
Goodbye!
(upbeat music)
(audience cheering)